# <center>W5 Activity</center>

---
Something that surprised me during my pre-fair research was the vast amount of roles available even though it was at the ECE fair. For example, on Friday, Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) was offering potential internships for electrical engineering positions (digital design and verification); however, there were also potential positions for test engineers and other disciplines, which was interesting. Sandia National Labs had engineers and researchers there that provided a lot of insight into industry and a potential academia route. Having been interested in robotics and potential design research, Sandia National Labs was suited towards my interest, so I hope to continue to develop my relationship with the recruiters, so that I can learn more about the field and hope to get a position with them. The next step after career fair is to connect with the people I talked to if I got their LinkedIn and to make sure that I apply for the positions at the companies I interacted with as they are holding onto my resume that will be added to the system for filtering during the review process. I wish I had looked more at the locations of the companies that I was interested in, so that I did not have to spend extra time searching for the companies, while navigating through the crowds, especially since I was on a tighter schedule with work and classes. The fair did allow me to speak with experienced individuals that had worked in fields that I was previously interested in. From them, I managed to cut out positions that I thought I wanted to work in, but now realized that its not a career that I would want to spend my post-graduation at. Talking with the employers made me realize what I was actually interested in that would help me with burnout so that I can continue to learn while being engaged in the work I had. I need to focus on connecting with clubs and others that would allow me to branch and talk with experienced individuals so that I can industry connections and move towards the careers that I want to work long term. The main thing I can do now is to commit more to becoming involved clubs and meeting new people, especially technical clubs that would appeal to employers in the electrical career field.